because you might blow yourselves up!
Killing all the hostages!
So,
you can't release any of your hostages.
Okay?
Wait.
And don't touch Dr. Kang.
Don't even step on her shadow. Okay?
I should get back down.
Comrade Lim Soo-ho.
Hand the detonator over to me.
-Pardon?
-You let a girl take it away from you.
How can I trust you with it?
If you don't bring back
your revolutionary spirit now,
I will kill you myself.
Release the hostages.
He thinks our revolutionary warriors are
his minions. We should teach him a lesson.
Don't you agree?
You bestowed men's clothes on us.
I'm forever grateful.
I'm so excited.
Could I get changed right away?
I told you to check for explosives first.
I will, sir.
Gosh, it's heavy.
Damn it.
SWAT team, go in! Now!
SWAT team, go in!
Didn't I tell you it's most important
to maintain mutual trust?
I'm… I'm sorry.
I had no other choice.
But the SWAT team
didn't break in after all, did they?
Leave this woman to me.
Go upstairs with the supplies.
Follow me with them.
Yes, sir.
All right.
Here we go.
Sir.
You should tell me
before you make a deal with them.
You're releasing 30 hostages, and what?
Just ten boxes of cup noodles?
-You're on the losing end.
-Gwang-tae.
Just lie low.
Follow me.
Mr. Lee.
Are you all right?
Oh, no. What happened to your face?
We don't have much time.
I'm fine.
Don't worry, and just sit.
Now.
Listen carefully to what I'm about to say.
Sir, It's a scoop.
I smell something fishy.
That's not what I mean.
Something doesn't feel right here. Yes!
I got to go! I'll call you later!
PAY PHONE
Oh, my goodness!
Food delivery!
-Here!
-What took you so long?
-What's with you?
-I'm sorry.
Here's the jjamppong.
-Here are the tangsuyuk and dumplings.
-All right.
Don't be late next time!
-Where should I put them?
-There.
-Here.
-Thank you.